(At night, the set is becoming to look like a real subway train!)
Kim Lip: She's doing good.
Choerry: Right!
Choerry: She's good at stretching her legs.
JinSoul: It's fun!
JinSoul: Here is my representative animal, Blue Betta~
JinSoul: But my blue betta looks so tired...
JinSoul: I'm gonna finish it quickly and perfectly and make him take a rest!
JinSoul: We can take a rest soon together! Way to go!!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(JinSoul's solo shooting for the music video of [Sweet Crazy Love] is just finished!)
JinSoul: It took almost five hours to shoot my solo scene!
JinSoul: There were more acting scenes than usual.
JinSoul: I'm wondering how will it come out!
JInSoul: And... finally Lip's turn is around the corner!
JinSoul: She waited her turn to shoot the MV almost a day...
JinSoul: Cheer up, Lip!
JinSoul: I'm gonna root for you while taking some rest~
JinSoul: Fighting!
(It's time to move to the set for Kim Lip's scene!)
JinSoul: Shall we get moving?